apple,Fruit,A red or green fruit, keeps the doctor away!
banana,Fruit,A yellow fruit that monkeys love!
cherry,Fruit,A small red fruit often on top of cakes!
orange,Fruit,A citrus fruit with vitamin C!
grape,Fruit,Small, round, and used to make wine!
mango,Fruit,The king of fruits in summer!
strawberry,Fruit,A red fruit with tiny seeds on the outside!
pineapple,Fruit,A tropical fruit with a spiky top!
blueberry,Fruit,A small blue fruit used in muffins!
raspberry,Fruit,A red berry with a tangy taste!

laptop,Shopping Item,A portable computer!
headphones,Shopping Item,You wear them to listen to music!
backpack,Shopping Item,Used to carry books and supplies!
sunglasses,Shopping Item,Protects your eyes from the sun!
shampoo,Shopping Item,Used to wash your hair!
perfume,Shopping Item,Makes you smell good!
wallet,Shopping Item,Holds money and cards!
watch,Shopping Item,Worn on the wrist to tell time!
umbrella,Shopping Item,Used when it rains!
notebook,Shopping Item,Used to write down notes!

carrot,Vegetable,A crunchy orange vegetable!
broccoli,Vegetable,A green vegetable that looks like a tree!
spinach,Vegetable,A leafy green full of iron!
potato,Vegetable,Can be fried into chips!
tomato,Vegetable,Red and often mistaken for a vegetable!
onion,Vegetable,Makes you cry when you cut it!
cabbage,Vegetable,Used in coleslaw and salads!
cucumber,Vegetable,Long and green, great in salads!
cauliflower,Vegetable,Looks like broccoli but is white!
pumpkin,Vegetable,Used to make Halloween lanterns!

taj mahal,Indian Monument,A symbol of love in Agra!
gateway of india,Indian Monument,A famous landmark in Mumbai!
red fort,Indian Monument,A historic fort in Delhi!
qutub minar,Indian Monument,Tallest brick minaret in the world!
india gate,Indian Monument,A war memorial in Delhi!
charminar,Indian Monument,A monument in Hyderabad with four towers!
hawa mahal,Indian Monument,The palace of winds in Jaipur!
mysore palace,Indian Monument,A royal palace in Karnataka!
konark temple,Indian Monument,A temple shaped like a chariot!
golden temple,Indian Monument,A Sikh religious place in Amritsar!

delhi,City,Capital of India!
mumbai,City,The city of dreams!
kolkata,City,Known for Howrah Bridge and sweets!
chennai,City,A coastal city famous for Marina Beach!
bangalore,City,The IT hub of India!
hyderabad,City,Famous for biryani and pearls!
pune,City,An educational hub of India!
jaipur,City,The pink city of India!
ahmedabad,City,Famous for Sabarmati Ashram!
lucknow,City,The city of Nawabs!